>> Paul DeBettignies: Undoubtedly, you're
gonna see a job posted somewhere for
an intermediate or a senior web developer
at a fill in the blank company.
And you're gonna be like, man,
I really like to be able to do that.
And you're thinking well, but
I'm not a senior web developer yet.
And that's true yet, yet.
You don't know if they're looking for
an intern.
a junior role.
We tend to not post these jobs because
we're afraid we're gonna get a bunch
of resumes from people
that we can't handle.
But if I see a role for
a senior web developer role and
their skill set is what I have,
even though I'm a junior person.
I am going to reach out to them.
My name is Paul Debadings, I'm a junior
developer here in Minneapolis, St.
Paul, I saw your posting for
a fill in the blank on Tech.mn.
I appreciate that I don't have the seven
plus years of experience you're looking
for, but here's what I do have.
Am I someone you would like to talk to?
The worst thing they're
gonna do is say no, cool.
See, I'm weird,
in my search firm industry if you are told
no 98 of 100 times a month,
you made six figures.
Do you want to be rejected 98 times,
that sucks.
But the cash is sweet on the two yeses.
>> Paul DeBettignies: Your first job
search is going to be a bummer in a lot
of cases.
Can I just be blunt about it.
It's going to be hard and so what?
You're getting yourself into an industry
that has lots and lots of doors and
places to be able to go through.
And you can create things and
the beginning part,
I'm hoping that some of this
will have helped out with